add-info-on-kubernetes-api-access (#221)
elastx/elx-docs: content/en/docs/kubernetes/knowledge-base/migration-to-caasv2.md

We are removing floating IPs for all control-plane nodes. Instead, we use a Load Balancer in front of control-planes to ensure the traffic will be sent to an working control-plane node.

Whitelisting of access to the API server is now controlled in the loadbalancer in front of the API.

> Currently, managing the IP-range whitelist requires a [support ticket here](https://support.elastx.se/hc/en-us). All Elastx IP ranges are allowed by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, managing the IP-range whitelist requires a [support ticket here](https://support.elastx.se/hc/en-us). All Elastx IP ranges are always included.
```
